README.md, before:

# srt-game-server

## Overview

srt-game-server originated as a proof of concept backend multiplayer game server with the end goal of supporting clients in web browsers via a messaging broker.

It is written in C++ and depends on the following libraries:
* [Apache CMS v3.9.4](https://activemq.apache.org/components/cms) - messaging API
* [Box2D v2.3.0](https://box2d.org) - 2D physics engine
* [POCO C++ Libraries v1.9.0](https://pocoproject.org) - cross-platform C++ libraries for building network and internet-based applications
* [Protocol Buffers v3.6.1](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) - language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data

And has traditionally been using [Apache ActiveMQ](activemq.apache.org) as the message broker. Original development took place in Xcode, 
with an unsophisticated CMake based build more recently added.

## Containerization

In the containerbuild directory is a Fedora 30 based Dockerfile for running the srt-game-server via your favorite container runtime.
Build and run testing was performed using podman on a Fedora 30 host.

## Quick and Dirty Local Testing
You can run an Artemis broker locally in a container, and then connect the
game server to it. Currently, the broker must be run with a root-ful
container (via `sudo`).

In one terminal:

```
sudo podman run --name artemis -it --rm -p 61613:61613 \
-e AMQ_USER=admin -e AMQ_PASSWORD=admin -e AMQ_ALLOW_ANONYMOUS=true \
quay.io/artemiscloud/activemq-artemis-broker:latest
```

In another terminal:

```
export BROKER_IP=`sudo podman inspect artemis | grep IPAddress | cut -d: -f2 | cut -d\" -f2`
podman run --name srt-game-server \
-e BROKER_URI="tcp://$BROKER_IP:61613?wireFormat=stomp" \
-it --rm quay.io/redhat-gamedev/srt-game-server:latest
```

Commit message:

Update instructions for VSCode remote

README.md, after:

# srt-game-server

## Overview

srt-game-server originated as a proof of concept backend multiplayer game server with the end goal of supporting clients in web browsers via a messaging broker.

It is written in C++ and depends on the following libraries:
* [Apache CMS v3.9.4](https://activemq.apache.org/components/cms) - messaging API
* [Box2D v2.3.0](https://box2d.org) - 2D physics engine
* [POCO C++ Libraries v1.9.0](https://pocoproject.org) - cross-platform C++ libraries for building network and internet-based applications
* [Protocol Buffers v3.6.1](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) - language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data

And has traditionally been using [Apache ActiveMQ](activemq.apache.org) as the message broker. Original development took place in Xcode, 
with an unsophisticated CMake based build more recently added.

## Visual Studio Remote Container Support

If you have [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Remote Container extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers), you are able to build, run, and debug the game server without having to install anything additional on your laptop.

The container has docker installed and mounts the hosts /var/run/docker.sock so you can run containers on the host machine

### Starting up VS Code

1. Clone the git repo
2. Open Visual Studio Code in the root of repo
3. When prompted to open the folder in a container, accept the prompt

### Building the code

1. Simply run the "Build" task
   * This will use cmake to create the necessary build information and then build the server

### Debugging (and Running) the code

1. Open a terminal and run the Artemis broker in a container
```
docker run --name artemis -it --rm -p 61613:61613 \
-e AMQ_USER=admin -e AMQ_PASSWORD=admin -e AMQ_ALLOW_ANONYMOUS=true \
quay.io/artemiscloud/activemq-artemis-broker:latest
```
2. Go to the Debug tab
3. Click the play button for "Launch Main" 
   * When prompted enter the hostname or IP address of the artemis broker and also the port number (e.g. 61613)
4. The game server should start up and connect to the broker

## Containerization

In the containerbuild directory is a Fedora 30 based Dockerfile for running the srt-game-server via your favorite container runtime.
Build and run testing was performed using podman on a Fedora 30 host.

## Quick and Dirty Local Testing
You can run an Artemis broker locally in a container, and then connect the
game server to it. Currently, the broker must be run with a root-ful
container (via `sudo`).

In one terminal:

```
sudo podman run --name artemis -it --rm -p 61613:61613 \
-e AMQ_USER=admin -e AMQ_PASSWORD=admin -e AMQ_ALLOW_ANONYMOUS=true \
quay.io/artemiscloud/activemq-artemis-broker:latest
```

In another terminal:

```
export BROKER_IP=`sudo podman inspect artemis | grep IPAddress | cut -d: -f2 | cut -d\" -f2`
podman run --name srt-game-server \
-e BROKER_URI="tcp://$BROKER_IP:61613?wireFormat=stomp" \
-it --rm quay.io/redhat-gamedev/srt-game-server:latest
```
